.\"	Process this file with groff -man -Tascii foo.3
.\"
.TH LibHideIP 3 GNU/Linux "User's Manual"

.SH NAME
LibHideIP \- Securing access to local IP addresses.

.SH SYNOPSIS
$HOME/.bash_profile:

.B export LD_PRELOAD=/usr/local/lib/libhideip.so

and/or

/etc/ld.so.preload:

.B /usr/local/lib/libhideip.so

.SH DESCRIPTION
The LibHideIP library ensures that no program under its control can get the local public IP address.

Selected programs can be taken out of LibHideIP's control by being put in banning files.
A banning files consists of program names, one per line. If a text found in a line
of a banning file is found in the program's name, LibHideIP does
.B NOT
prevent the program from doing anything.

.SH FILES
${sysconfdir}/libhideip.progban (usually /usr/local/etc) - path to primary banning file

$HOME/.libhideip.progban - path to additional user banning file

.SH ENVIRONMENT
LIBHIDEIP_BANFILE - path to an additional banning file

.SH NOTES
The file and command given in the synopsis section may be different on shells other than BASH.

.SH AUTHOR
Bogdan 'bogdro' Drozdowski,
bogdandr /AT/ op . pl

bogdro /AT/ rudy . mif . pg . gda . pl

[EN] http://libhideip.sf.net

[PL] http://libhideip.sf.net/index-pl.php

[EN] http://bogdro.evai.pl/soft/

[EN] http://bogdro.evai.pl/inne/

[PL] http://bogdro.evai.pl/

[EN] http://bogdro.evai.pl/index-en.php

[EN] http://bogdro.byethost18.com/soft/

[EN] http://bogdro.byethost18.com/inne/

[PL] http://bogdro.byethost18.com/

[EN] http://bogdro.byethost18.com/index-en.php

[EN] http://rudy.mif.pg.gda.pl/~bogdro/soft/

[EN] http://rudy.mif.pg.gda.pl/~bogdro/inne/

[PL] http://rudy.mif.pg.gda.pl/~bogdro/

.SH "SEE ALSO"

The 'info' documentation is more descriptive and is the main one. Type

.B 	info libhideip

to read it.

